You are a loser.
To think that I can help you get rid of this bad thing,
Do you think we are all fools?
My father is determined to keep his business close to his heart,
He also deceived the emperor on the spot.
And God suggested, remembering to take it down for fun,
Let the middleman take charge.
Then it's up to you, he's stupid enough to prove it.
Father, God will continue to show you a video.
It’s natural for your family to be sick
this is with me
It doesn't have to be me
God damn prince
Not like this
It's obviously her, her lonely thousands
Behind and behind and behind
It’s the third brother who is here with his father, Xiaoyan
I live in your house
You don’t know how many days you can wait for the medicine.
this is me too
How dare you find someone else to be simple?
Great entrance
The assassination of the world is said to have cut the gun
Is there someone who knows your infinite thorns in the world?
why are you so nervous